I started to make a lot of friends at school, and aside from school, I began learning how
to roll a blade, so whenever I'd go out to practice, I'd meet lots of different people.
I made some mistakes because of bad associations.
We started going out at night and maybe just drinking a little alcohol, but eventually
we were drinking a lot.
By the time I realized what was happening, I was already really involved.
I was 17 years old.
I started being close friends with them.
They were everything to me, and I really trusted them.
They were doing some wrong things like drugs and using bad language, but I thought I'm
just with them, as long as I don't do what they're doing, it's not a problem.
I began to make excuses saying that it didn't really matter and that there was anything
wrong with what I was doing.
My spiritual routine was just going to the meetings.
I started missing some meetings.
I never prayed.
I didn't even know how to do personal study.
I wasn't reading the Bible every day.
In this group of friends, there was a boy who liked me and asked me out.
And since all my friends were dating, I thought, why not?
So I started dating him and my parents had no idea.
I'd lie about where I was going, what I'd be doing, and who I'd be with.
I was pretty much two completely different people.
At home, I was one way and with my friends, I was another.
I tried to pray to Jehovah, but I just couldn't.
I felt ashamed because I knew inside that Jehovah wasn't happy with what I was doing.
My conscience really bothered me.
There was a moment when my boyfriend and then some of those friends really let me down.
I began thinking about how I didn't have anyone else in my life.
One time we were all drinking and this girl invited us all to go to our house.
I started thinking about what might happen if I said yes to that girl's invitation.
I knew that there'd be drinking, drugs, and maybe even something immoral might happen.
So after having not prayed for a really long time, I closed my eyes and said, Jehovah,
please help me.
I'm just so alone, I don't have anyone.
I felt completely abandoned by everyone.
So right then and there, I said I prayed to Jehovah, asking him that if he would help
me to say no, from that day forward I would stop associating with those friends and serve
him whole-sold.
Many times I asked Jehovah to forgive me, I said, Jehovah, you're the only one I have.
Please help me, and that's exactly what happened.
After saying that prayer, I felt determined to leave.
I started thinking about everything that I'd done and how I was putting not only my own
life at risk, but also my relationship with Jehovah.
I thought I'm going to talk to the elders.
Since I'm a very shy person, the thought of confessing my mistakes was really difficult.
I talked to them and I told them everything that happened.
It was like a weight had been lifted off me.
I saw that I really wasn't alone after all.
I still remember a scripture that they read to me at Psalm 86.5, which showed me that
Jehovah's forgiveness has no limits if I'm truly repentant.
So I knew that Jehovah would forgive me, but the elders also told me that I'd have to
tell my parents, which was very difficult.
I thought, well, I need to speak up, and I just opened up and told them about what happened.
I decided that I was going to talk with an elder, and he read a scripture with me from
Philippians 4.7, which says that the peace of God that surpasses all understanding will
guard our hearts.
So I was able to pray again, knowing that if I really changed, I could feel that peace
that comes from Jehovah.
I started studying the Bible for real.
I stopped associating with those friends and started being more involved in spiritual
things.
I had the privilege of getting baptized and becoming a regular pioneer, and today I'm
serving in Bethel.
I had the privilege of being invited to help with construction projects, but my greatest
privilege is the strong friendship that I have with Jehovah, and also having true friends.
I've seen that Jehovah has always been by my side.
And even when I didn't want to be with him, Jehovah never abandoned me.